README.md, before:

![Nuxt 3](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nuxt-3-00C58E?style=for-the-badge&logo=nuxt.js&logoColor=white)
![Vue 3](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue-3-4FC08D?style=for-the-badge&logo=vue.js&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-5-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-20+-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)

# 🏓 Club Pongiste Libercourtois

Official website of Club Pongiste Libercourtois - Table tennis club located in Libercourt, France.

## 📁 Projects

### 🏓 [Club Website](./club-pongiste-libercourtois/)

Modern and dynamic website for Club Pongiste Libercourtois built with Nuxt 3, Vue 3, and TypeScript.

**Features:**

- Dynamic event management system
- Complete dark/light mode support
- 100% data-driven architecture
- Smart APIs with TypeScript validation
- Mobile-first responsive design

[→ View project documentation](./club-pongiste-libercourtois/README.md)

## 🚀 Getting Started

To run the club website locally:

```bash
# Navigate to the website directory
cd club-pongiste-libercourtois

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Open http://localhost:3000
```

## 🔧 Repository Configuration

This repository includes development tools for code quality:

- **Pre-commit hooks** for automated code checks
- **ESLint & Prettier** for consistent code formatting
- **Markdownlint** for documentation quality
- **TypeScript** support with strict typing

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for details.

---

## Club Pongiste Libercourtois - Since 1970

Personal Projects by Cédric DELGEHIER

Commit message:

feat: Migrate to pnpm and optimize for Netlify deployment
- Update all README files with pnpm commands instead of npm
- Add comprehensive Netlify deployment documentation
- Expand Taskfile.yaml with full pnpm workflow
- Fix ESLint configuration for flat config format
- Add package.json engines and packageManager fields
- Create .nvmrc for Node.js version specification
- Add type: module for ES module compatibility
- Update quality scripts to use pnpm consistently

README.md, after:

![Nuxt 3](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nuxt-3-00C58E?style=for-the-badge&logo=nuxt.js&logoColor=white)
![Vue 3](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue-3-4FC08D?style=for-the-badge&logo=vue.js&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-5-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-20+-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)

# 🏓 Club Pongiste Libercourtois

Official website of Club Pongiste Libercourtois - Table tennis club located in Libercourt, France.

## 📁 Projects

### 🏓 [Club Website](./club-pongiste-libercourtois/)

Modern and dynamic website for Club Pongiste Libercourtois built with Nuxt 3, Vue 3, and TypeScript.

**Features:**

- Dynamic event management system
- Complete dark/light mode support
- 100% data-driven architecture
- Smart APIs with TypeScript validation
- Mobile-first responsive design

[→ View project documentation](./club-pongiste-libercourtois/README.md)

## 🚀 Getting Started

To run the club website locally:

```bash
# Navigate to the website directory
cd club-pongiste-libercourtois

# Install dependencies
pnpm install

# Start development server
pnpm dev:open

# Build for production
pnpm build
```

## � Netlify Deployment

This project is optimized for Netlify deployment:

- **Build Command**: `pnpm build`
- **Development Command**: `pnpm dev -o`
- **Package Manager**: pnpm (automatic detection)
- **No preset needed**: Standard Nuxt 3 deployment
- **No netlify.toml required**: Configuration via Netlify UI

The project uses pnpm for faster installations and better dependency management, which is automatically detected by Netlify.

## �🔧 Repository Configuration

This repository includes development tools for code quality:

- **Pre-commit hooks** for automated code checks
- **ESLint & Prettier** for consistent code formatting
- **Markdownlint** for documentation quality
- **TypeScript** support with strict typing
- **pnpm** as preferred package manager for Netlify deployment

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for details.

---

## Club Pongiste Libercourtois - Since 1970

Personal Projects by Cédric DELGEHIER
